docs: Add instructions to run conformance tests (#236)
kinvolk/lokomotive: docs/run-conformance-tests.md

# Conformance tests

This document enumerates the steps required to run conformance tests for various platforms supported by Lokomotive.

**Note**: There is only one caveat to consider when running tests for AWS. For other platforms you can run conformance tests without making special arrangements.

## AWS

> For AWS you need to make sure that the node ports are allowed in the security group. To do so make sure you set the variable `expose_nodeports` to `true` in the AWS config. Read more about this flag in the [AWS reference docs](configuration-reference/platforms/aws.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For AWS you need to make sure that the node ports are allowed in the security group. To do so make sure you set the `expose_nodeports` cluster property to `true` in the AWS config. Read more about this flag in the [AWS reference docs](configuration-reference/platforms/aws.md).
```

> To install the cluster on AWS follow [AWS quick start guide](quickstarts/aws.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the cluster on AWS follow the [AWS quick start guide](quickstarts/aws.md).
```

Author: No problem :-)

# Conformance tests

> This document enumerates the way steps to run conformance tests for various platforms supported by Lokomotive.

Reviewer: We should have a reference to quick start document or configuration example, to have simple instruction how to create conforming cluster.

Author: done.

> ## Running conformance tests

Reviewer: This section should be last, after you have the cluster running.

Follow the canonical document [here](https://github.com/cncf/k8s-conformance/blob/master/instructions.md) which instructs on installing sonobuoy and running tests.

## AWS

For AWS you need to make sure that the node ports are allowed in the security group. To do so run following commands which adds a snippet to the file [`security.tf`](https://github.com/kinvolk/lokomotive/blob/master/assets/lokomotive-kubernetes/aws/flatcar-linux/kubernetes/security.tf).

```tf
echo '

> resource "aws_security_group_rule" "worker-nodeport" {

Reviewer: I think we should make this as a configuration flag, so one does not have to modify the source code.

Author: done.
